hello my name's Olly i'm here today to
review another samsung galaxy s3 case
the case we've got two dies from a
company called wild nut this is the
first bumper style case I've actually
tried for the for the samsung galaxy s3
this one in particular is made from a
polycarbonate plastic and a TPU plastic
as you can see there you've got the the
company Brandon's get that in focus for
you you've got the volume up and down
button which is actually protected so
you press through the the rubber part
there sime on the other side for the for
the power button let's get in focus
again for you and at the top we've got
the usual cutouts for the headphone jack
the noise cancelling microphone the USB
charging port and also the the
microphone at the bottom the idea of
this kite is eclipse on nice and easily
I just put the bottom of the phone into
start with locks on at the top so you've
got a good fit as you can see that's
just rised up all around the edge there
so you've got a bit of protection if you
if you put the phone down that way the
the back of the case actually exposes
the back of the phone it's not really an
issue because again he is raised up a
few millimeters so if you're putting the
phone down you haven't really got to
worry too much about scratches you've
got a fairly adequate drop protection
and so you know all the corners are
protected which the main areas that tend
to to get the damage the this case
itself savannah bring quite a few
different colors we've got this kind of
turquoise e color turquoise blue with
the grave front there's also a white
case with a black outline we've got a
white case with a pinky red outline
there's a black case there which is just
got a green strip on there's quite a few
so if you head over to their at their
website you'll be able to see all those
thing i really like about this urn this
case the power button is very responsive
as soon as you press it you get a nice
click we should i gives you a real short
and feel the volume up and down buttons
the same the Laporte's line up nicely
and another thing that's really good is
when you've got in your hand it still
feels like a small
small thin phone I mean obviously the
phone itself quite large but it doesn't
do what some cases got the otterbox and
so on weight really makes you feel like
a big thick heavy phone so on and all
you get in fairly decent drop protection
you've got a bit of the protection there
for the screen itself and I think the
design itself overall looks really good
on the phone should have some different
colors to to show you in those shortly
not really anyone's got them in stock
but they are they should be eating the
hidden it stores in the next week or so
so overall I write really highly if
you're interested in s3 reviews if you
subscribe to my channel I've got a lot
more coming thanks for watching